Jr Utility Data Analyst 

Be part of the team which has delivered over $600 Million dollars in refunds and savings to clients, and join us as we march toward One Billion dollars!

UtiliSave is seeking qualified candidates for Junior Data Analyst position. This is a business critical hands-on role and the ideal candidate should have a record of success in undertaking data management and organization, cost analysis, analysis of complicated rules, and identifying cases, opportunities and solutions on behalf of our clients. This position interfaces directly with customers and regulated and unregulated utilities, so strong communication, presentation and client management skills are essential. Previous familiarity with utility regulations, rates and billing is a plus.

 

Responsibilities

Apply your analytical and programming (we are focused on Python and  SQL) skills and general business knowledge to identify and implement cost savings opportunities for clients.
Using UtiliSave’s proprietary software applications, conduct financial, utility and business analysis of clients’ utility spends, and initiate action to obtain cost savings or recovery for clients.
Interface with clients, utility companies, tax authorities, regulatory authorities and government agencies to obtain appropriate information to successfully implement savings opportunities.
Match details in complex utility tariff codes against our clients’ usage and practices to identify new savings.
Experienced working knowledge of Python and sql, are required
Preferred: 1-2 years of work experience 

Better still : Relevant auditing or analyst role.

Deep knowledge of Utility tariffs in any of the States in America is a plus.
The ability to grasp and explain technical and legal concepts and business issues is a requirement.
Strong oral and written communication skills, and the demonstrated ability to negotiate and influence decision makers, are required.
Previous experience working with or for a regulated public utility, especially dealing with rate billing analysis and customer interaction, would be a strong plus.
College degree in Math, Engineering, Technology or Sciences major preferred.
Able to independently solve problems and think creatively an imperative
 

Ability to prioritize, work efficiently and meet deadlines
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: From $45,000.00 per year ($5,000 increase after training completion/based on successful production) plus incentive commissions for successful recoveries. 

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Compensation package:

Yearly pay
Experience level:

1 year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday 9am – 6pm EST
Work Location: Remote  